{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1251\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf830
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red86\green86\blue86;\red255\green255\blue255;\red20\green77\blue255;
}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c41176\c41176\c41176;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c9020\c41176\c100000;
}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs40 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 This is the first good website across Ukrainian Sports network. Crossfit Banda is the biggest Crossfit Gyms\'a0network in Kiev. They have many Crossfit Gyms\'a0with great design, but their website was awful. This was a typical website, designed without any knowledge about visual culture and how such websites should look like. when we saw the initial version of design our designer couldn't sleep for a week and thought about how can she create convenient and awesome looking variant. She designed only the main page to introduce her vision of site and whole crew of Crossfit Banda loved it.\
\
(pic)\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\partightenfactor0
\cf2 After company confirmed our designs, we proceed with all other screens. In despite of very limited time I devoted 1/3 of it for planning everything from business needs side. Unfortunately, previous website hadn't analytics, so we learned client's history and saw that their target auditory are both genders age 26-32. And we compare competitors websites, crossfit.com and many European/American Crossfit Gym websites, and receive some good criterias:\'a0\
1. Does the website do a great job explaining what CrossFit is to someone who is not familiar?\'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 2. Does it provide a clear path to \'93try the gym\'94 and learn more?\'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 3. Does the website offer features that keep their current members coming back to the website (besides the WOD)?\'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 4. Does the website help build the community of your box?\'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 5. Is the design pleasing? \'a0 Is there a potential to offend any niche part of the population?\'a0\cb1 \
\cb3 6. Does your website provide a good user experience for mobile device users?\
And using all this information and all our knowledges about Crossfit Banda we made new website, which has a lot of pages, sections, two versions of menu (for registered and unregistered users), with interactive schedule, newbie/member/athlete/sponsor sections and unique athlete profile which shows all stats in Crossfit parameters.\
And the main our pride in this project it's timeline - all that pages and specifications were made in 2 weeks only. You can see the project live here:\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://crossfitbanda.com/"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs24 \cf4 \strokec4 crossfitbanda.com}}, but now the development is in progress.\'a0\
\
(pic)\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl460\partightenfactor0
\cf2 Of course the website is adaptive, and we adapted pictures for mobile view too.}